本隐私政策描述了隐私数据相关政策与实践，包括如何收集、使用、处理、存储、访问或公开通过手机应用程序收集到的隐私数据。有关你的个人信息，请仔细阅读我们的隐私政策。

1.关于个人信息的收集以及数据访问。
1.1.我们如何收集你的个人信息。
个人信息是可以用来唯一地识别或联系某人的数据。
当您使用我们的移动应用程序时，我们可以在使用过程中使用您的移动电话网络运营商和网络。为了保护您的隐私，您不应提供除了我们的特殊要求以外的任何信息。

1.2.我们会收集用户平时的一些使用信息。
例如日常信息生成，日常操作记录等，以供我们对数据处理使用，以便于统计分析。我们只会使用这些数据，不会向其他厂商或者是他人透露用户平常的使用信息，以保证用户的数据安全。

2.我们如何使用你的个人信息。
2.1.除我们重组、合并、出售外，本我们收集的所有个人资料均可转让给有关协力厂商。我们不会向任何无关的协力厂商提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的个人信息。除非事先获得您的许可，或者如果协力厂商和我们单独或联合地向您提供服务，并且在服务结束后，它将被禁止访问以前能够访问的所有此类信息。

2.2.个人信息安全。
保证个人资料安全对我们至关重要。当你在我们的移动应用程序上时，我们用安全通信端层（SSL）加密它，并且我们也对敏感数据做了加密处理，以防止隐私数据泄露被他人盗取的情况发生。
在数据传输和数据保留阶段，我们都通过广泛接受的行业标准（如防火墙、加密和数据隐私法律要求）保护您提交给我们的信息。
然而，没有互联网传输或电子存储方法是100%安全的。因此，虽然我们保护您的个人信息在商业上可接受的管道，不能保证信息将绝对安全。

2.3.我们将保留多长时间的个人信息。
一般来说，我们只保留您的个人信息用于执行所需的采集周期，并将遵守数据保留期所适用的法律。

3.法律免责声明
3.1.我们有权这样做的时候，法律规定，如果我们相信我们必须披露关于你来保护我们的合法权益或符合司法程序的信息，法院的命令或法律程序适用于我们的移动应用程序。透露你的个人信息。
如果我们决定披露以执行我们的条款和条件或保护我们的行动合理和必要的，我们可能会透露有关您的信息。

4.隐私政策的变化
4.1.如果我们决定改变我们的隐私政策，我们将在这一政策的变化，在我们的网站上，并在我们认为合适的，让你了解我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息，谁可以访问它，和在什么的情况下，我们将披露此信息。

我们有权修改此协议，请经常检查。如有重大更改，我们会在网站上通知你。

5.隐私问题
如果您对我们的隐私政策或数据处理有任何疑问或关注，请在2098630013@qq.com联系我们。
请在http://www.11467.com/zhumadian/co/10377.htm#contact联系我们
以上隐私协议最终解释权归驻马店市佳信电子有限公司 Zhumadian Jiaxin Electronic Co.,Ltd.





This privacy policy describes policies and practices related to privacy data, including how to collect, use, process, store, access or expose privacy data collected through mobile applications. For your personal information, please read our privacy policy carefully.



1. about personal information collection and data access.

1.1. how do we collect your personal information?

Personal information is the data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone.

When you use our mobile application, we can use your mobile phone network operator and network during use. In order to protect your privacy, you should not provide any information other than our special requirements.



1.2. we will collect some user's usual usage information.

For example, daily information generation, daily operating records for our use in data processing, for statistical analysis. We will only use this data, not to other vendors or other people to disclose the user's usual use of information to ensure that the user's data security.



2. how do we use your personal information?

2.1. Except for our reorganization, merger and sale, all personal data collected by us can be transferred to the relevant partners. We do not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated partner. Unless your permission is obtained beforehand, or if a co-manufacturer and us provide services to you individually or jointly, and when the service is over, it will be prohibited from accessing all such information previously available.



2.2. personal information security.

Ensuring the safety of personal data is very important to us. When you are on our mobile application, we encrypt it with the Secure Communications End Layer (SSL), and we encrypt sensitive data to prevent privacy data from leaking and being stolen by others.

During the data transfer and data retention phase, we protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewalls, encryption, and data privacy laws.

However, no Internet transmission or electronic storage method is 100% safe. Therefore, while we protect commercially acceptable channels for your personal information, there is no guarantee that the information will be absolutely safe.



2.3. how long will we keep personal information?

Generally speaking, we only retain your personal information for the required collection period and will comply with the law applicable to the data retention period.



3. Legal Disclaimer

3.1. When we have the right to do so, the law stipulates that if we believe we must disclose information about you protecting our legitimate rights and interests or conforming to judicial procedures, court orders or legal procedures apply to our mobile applications. Reveal your personal information.

If we decide to disclose what is reasonable and necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our actions, we may disclose information about you.



4. changes in privacy policy

4.1. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will change this policy on our website and, as we see fit, let you know how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and in what circumstances we will disclose this information.



We have the right to amend this agreement. Please check it regularly. If there is any major change, we will notify you on the website.



5. privacy issues

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at 2098630013@qq.com.

Please contact us at http://www.11467.com/zhumadian/co/10377.htm#contact.

Zhumadian Jiaxin Electronic Co., Ltd.